docs: remove comparison table and update arch diagram in readme (#871)
beclab/Olares: README.md

### Set up Olares
To get started with Olares on your own device, follow the [Getting Started Guide](https://docs.olares.xyz/manual/get-started/) for step-by-step instructions.

## Architecture 

Olares' architecture is based on two core principles:

> -	Adopting an Android-like approach to control software permissions and interactivity, ensuring smooth and secure system operations.
> -	Leveraging cloud-native technologies to manage hardware and middleware services efficiently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adopts an Android-like approach to control software permissions and interactivity, ensuring smooth and secure system operations.
- Leverages cloud-native technologies to manage hardware and middleware services efficiently.
```

  ![Olares Architecture](https://file.bttcdn.com/github/terminus/v2/olares-arch.jpeg)

>  For detailed description of each component, refer to [Olares architecture](https://docs.olares.xyz/zh/manual/platform-architecture.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 For detailed description of each component, refer to [Olares architecture](https://docs.olares.xyz/manual/platform-architecture.html).
```
